meow meow.
one of the world's best football team whose anthem is "you'll never walk alone"
use to go anywhere do you want
A furniture for sleep
It's a mouth of crow.
small bowl-shaped  container for coffee
a fat animal, muslim can't eat them
can put everything if you want go to outside
A flat disc , used as money
a piece of furniture with a flat or sloped surface and typically with drawers.
coke in glass at 7eleven.
many people like to kicks.
people like to hug when they are sleeping.
The dog like eat, I think u know... XD
furniture in house for sit
defend valuables from thief
The place where one lives permanently
A flower that people used in Valentine's Day
A toy that flown in the wind at the end of a long string
use for cleaning body in bathroom
often comes with thunder 
a married woman considered in relation to her spouse.
a hinged, sliding, or revolving barrier at the entrance to a building.
with little or no light.
waterbird.
win everything.
the flesh of a cow, bull, or ox, used as food.
moving or operating, or designed to do so, only at a low speed; not quick or fast.
a Person who wear yellow suit always.
moving or capable of moving at high speed.
a small circular band, typically of precious metal and often set with one or more gemstones.
A large boat
white fluid from female mammals
A person who shows the way to others, especially one employed to show tourists a places of interest.
can put water for drink
a happy expression, typically with the corners of the mouth turned up and the front teeth exposed.
An establishment  providing accommodation,  meals, and other services for travellers and tourists.
A sum of money added to a person’s wages as a reward for good performance.
A mechanical or electrical device for measuring time.
you use this thing to send your mail to someone on internet.
a series of thoughts, images, and sensations occurring in a person's mind during sleep.
A fleshy, oval, yellowish-red tropical  fruit which is eaten ripe or used green.
use control computer for click anything on monitor
Ants like eat.
for sit
Mysterious tricks
The fruit that eaten by Snow White
the round shape italian food
a blade used for cutting
it's like the wind that you can't touch it but you can feel it!
the man who is very very big. he is an actor of animation blue Japanese cat.
we can live without it but we can also die because of it.
it's not only a number but also a mini supermarket.
An implement that used for eating, stirring, and serving food
a small clock worn on the wrist
A sweet biscuit
a container, typically made of glass or plastic and with a narrow neck.
The faculty or state of being able to see.
Infinitive verb of spread
It's foot,No but It' s frust, Oh no but It' s fruit, redolence, yellow.
he is the superhero and he has sharp ears.
who is you father's wife?
A disposable piece of absorbent paper, used especially as a handkerchief or for cleaning the skin.
A large area covered chiefly with trees and undergrowth.
The son of a monarch.
everything you need is here.
use for taking a photo
used in sewing
A piece of soft rubber or plastic used to rub out something written
an underground electric train
The main meal of the day in the evening
A person who speaks.
washes hair
A view or judgement formed about something, not necessarily based on fact or knowledge.
Put at eyes.
take care of population
the hardest substance
A person who serves in an army
A person who deliver letters
A person who is travelling or visiting a place for pleasure.
A large cash prize in a game or lottery, especially one that accumulates until it is won.
8 ei 8 8
a small four-stringed guitar
A nation with its own government, occupying a particular territory.
A large piece of woollen or similar material used as a covering on a bed or elsewhere for warmth.
a married man considered in relation to his spouse.
use for listening to music 
we built it at first, it's smarter than us at last.
The armed forces of a country.
A shop or hospital dispensary where medicinal drugs are prepared or sold.
suck the blood
the joint between arms and body
It's a fish, It has two faces.
A chart of pages showing the days, weeks, and months of a year
use to cut anything
Add color for mouth
use to contact with every body and can comment like and share.
use keep information for computer
finance use it in office
A large shop selling foods and household goods
